README.md, before:

# Board Identify
An Arduino library which allows identification of the make, model and MCU of board/controller which the code was compiled for. Currently supports identification of over 100 different boards including all Arduino/Genuino, Teensy, ESP8266, ESP32, BBC micro:bit and Digispark boards.

Please note, some boards share the same identifiers and so can't be distinguished between. When this is the case, both boards will be returned.

## How to Install
For details on how to install libraries in the Arduino IDE, please see the [Arduino website](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Libraries).

## How to Use
A full example is provided with the library and can be found in the Arduino IDE under "File->Examples->Board_Identify".

Firstly, you must include the library in your sketch:
```cpp
#include <Board_Identify.h>
```

Board Identify uses the namespace "BoardIdentify" to prevent conflicts with other libraries. You can therefor access the board information as follows:
```cpp
Serial.print(F("Board Type: "));
Serial.println(BoardIdentify::type); 
Serial.print(F("Board Make: "));
Serial.println(BoardIdentify::make); 
Serial.print(F("Board Model: "));
Serial.println(BoardIdentify::model); 
Serial.print(F("Board MCU: "));
Serial.println(BoardIdentify::mcu); 
```
It is advised to use BoardIdentofy::type for any logic as it will never be changed and so should maintain future compatibility. 

Adding this line before the library is included will cause a warning in the compile output window containing the identified board:
```cpp
#define BOARD_IDENTIFY_WARNING
```
If warnings still don't display, ensure "File->Preferences->compiler warnings" is set to "Default".

Even doing this, some boards still won't display the warning in the compile window but the constants will still be created.

## Currently Supported Boards
Over 100 boards/controllers are currently supported including:

* All Arduino/Genuino AVR 
* All Arduino SAM
* All Arduino SAMD
* All Adafruit AVR
* All Arduboy
* All Digispark
* ESP8266 boards including NodeMCU, SparkFun ESP8266 Thing, WeMos boards and Adafruit ESPino
* ESP32 based boards inlcuding Node32s, Adafruit ESP32 Feather and SparkFun ESP32 Thing
* nRF52832 / nRF51 based boards including BBC micro:bit and RedBearLab boards
* All Teensy

## Planned Improvements/Changes
1. The addition of Seeeduino boards is currently being investigated. However, they use the same board identifiers as Arduino/Genuino boards and so it is not clear how to uniquely identify them. 
2. A defined param to make all but type optional. This will likely offer no benefit as the compiler should not allocate RAM or progmem to constants.
3. Publishing to the Arduino IDE Library list.

Commit message:

Moved ideas/planned changes to issues

README.md, after:

# Board Identify
An Arduino library which allows identification of the make, model and MCU of board/controller which the code was compiled for. Currently supports identification of over 100 different boards including all Arduino/Genuino, Teensy, ESP8266, ESP32, BBC micro:bit and Digispark boards.

Please note, some boards share the same identifiers and so can't be distinguished between. When this is the case, both boards will be returned.

## How to Install
For details on how to install libraries in the Arduino IDE, please see the [Arduino website](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Libraries).

## How to Use
A full example is provided with the library and can be found in the Arduino IDE under "File->Examples->Board_Identify".

Firstly, you must include the library in your sketch:
```cpp
#include <Board_Identify.h>
```

Board Identify uses the namespace "BoardIdentify" to prevent conflicts with other libraries. You can therefor access the board information as follows:
```cpp
Serial.print(F("Board Type: "));
Serial.println(BoardIdentify::type); 
Serial.print(F("Board Make: "));
Serial.println(BoardIdentify::make); 
Serial.print(F("Board Model: "));
Serial.println(BoardIdentify::model); 
Serial.print(F("Board MCU: "));
Serial.println(BoardIdentify::mcu); 
```
It is advised to use BoardIdentofy::type for any logic as it will never be changed and so should maintain future compatibility. 

Adding this line before the library is included will cause a warning in the compile output window containing the identified board:
```cpp
#define BOARD_IDENTIFY_WARNING
```
If warnings still don't display, ensure "File->Preferences->compiler warnings" is set to "Default".

Even doing this, some boards still won't display the warning in the compile window but the constants will still be created.

## Currently Supported Boards
Over 100 boards/controllers are currently supported including:

* All Arduino/Genuino AVR 
* All Arduino SAM
* All Arduino SAMD
* All Adafruit AVR
* All Arduboy
* All Digispark
* ESP8266 boards including NodeMCU, SparkFun ESP8266 Thing, WeMos boards and Adafruit ESPino
* ESP32 based boards inlcuding Node32s, Adafruit ESP32 Feather and SparkFun ESP32 Thing
* nRF52832 / nRF51 based boards including BBC micro:bit and RedBearLab boards
* All Teensy

## Planned Improvements/Changes
For planned changes, improvements and known bugs please visit the [Github issues tracker](https://github.com/MattFryer/Board_Identify/issues).
